“Can AI be trusted?”
“Who’s gonna hit the brakes,
if we need to?”
“How do we really ensure that,
what we’re aiming to achieve,
really does,
benefit the majority of people?”
“If it ends up taking like
almost all the jobs,
then what does it mean to work?”
“But wait a minute,
why do we have to have this stuff?”
“If a machine can pretend to care,
better than I can actually care,
how do we draw the line there?”
“If we all had a voice in it,
then I feel like it would be better.”
“Could AI help people
stop feeling misunderstood?”
“Could AI help me build
more connections in the community?”
“Can AI help me be a better,
teacher, better mom?”
“Maybe it’ll cure some great things,
you know?”
“Things that we're not even
at the cusp of understanding yet.”
“Will it create a group of people that,
ask more questions?”
“What if we started,
to be more human again?”
“We don’t want to lose
the most beautiful parts of life.”